Error on workspace deletion (#34)
TakeScoop/terraform-cloud-workspace-action: README.md

| Name | Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | `allow_workspace_deletion` | Whether to allow the lan run to proceed if the a workspace is planned for deletion | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `allow_workspace_deletion` | Whether to allow workspaces to be deleted. If enabled, workspace state may be irrecoverably deleted. | `false` |
```
